***Data Cleaning***
This task aims at sharpening your python skills and testing your ability to conduct the advanced
data cleaning techniques in real life. In order to successfully complete this task, you need to provide
step-by-step implementation that leads to the results. Make sure that you also mark the correct answers
for the multiple-choice questions.
Submission deliverables (task1.zip):
1)Jupyter Notebook (*.ipynb): Clearly showing the implementation details and the cell outputs
2) HTML file: HTML version of the Jupyter Notebook
3) requirements.txt: Clearly show the packages you have used for this task
Note: All code needs to be commented!
Please provide the python version used and OS environment details. Questions are equally weighted.

Electricity Contract Selection
INTRODUCTION
Just over a year ago you had a smart electricity meter installed at your home. This particular model of
smart meter reports your usage to your electricity provider every hour. Your electricity contract is
due for renewal and being a top financial analyst you decide to identify which contract will minimize
your annual electricity cost.
There are 3 different types of electricity contracts available to you:
• No Flex: The cost per kWh of electricity is constant for the entire year
• Monthly Flex: The cost per kWh of electricity fluctuates depending on the month
• Hourly Flex: The cost per kWh of electricity fluctuates based on the time of day
To decide which contract is optimal, you decide to compare the costs under each of the
contracts assuming your usage remains exactly the same as last year. You've contacted your
current electricity supplier to obtain your electricity usage history for the last year.
Unfortunately, they provided it to you in a poorly structured and unsorted format,
so you will need to clean it up prior to doing your analysis.
In the data the hour field identifies when the hour starts, so 8AM would be from 8:00AM
until 8:59AM.
SUPPORTING DATA
You’ve placed your usage history and the specifics of each of the electricity contracts into the
supplied workbook. Your usage history is located on the “Usage” sheet while the specifics about
each of the electricity contracts
D A T A S C I E N C E A C A D E M Y
QUESTIONS
Question 1
What is your average hourly electricity 
usage?
a.0.641kWh
b. 0.782kWh
c. 0.884kWh
d. 0.937kWh
 
 
Question 3
Which day of the week has the 
highestaverage usage?
a.Sunday
b. Monday
c. Tuesday
d. Wednesday
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
5 D A T A S C I E N C E A C A D E M Y
Question 2
What is your average electricity usage
perhour in February?
a.0.760kWh
b. 0.784kWh
c. 0.808kWh
d. 0.834kWh
Question 4
What is the highest amount of 
electricityused in a continuous 4 hour
period?
a. 17.237kWh
b. 17.327kWh
c. 17.422kWh
d. 17.487kWh
Question 5
Based on your historic electricity usage,
what would your annual cost of 
electricitybe under the "Monthly Flex"
contract?
a. $1350.73
b. $1420.06
c. $1450.26
d. $1493.77
Question 6
Based on your historic electricity 
usage, which of the three contracts 
would pro- duce the lowest annual 
cost?
a.The No Flex plan
b. The Monthly Flex plan
c. The Hourly Flex plan
d. Impossible to Determine
